. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

    Ans :
     * functions group codes which get executed multiple times
     * without a function defined, the code should have to be copied and pasted each required time
     * functions make programs shorter
    

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?

    Ans : when the function is called



3. What statement creates a function?

    Ans: def statement



4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

     Ans:    Functions are used to compartmentalize code into logical groups whereas Function call is made to execute the code in the function


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?


      Ans :  global scopes  = 1
             local scopes  = depend on number of functions



6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

      Ans : when the function call returns the local scope will get destroyed 




7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

     Ans : Return value is the value returned as result after the execution of the function . yes, can be a part



8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

     Ans :  None is the return value



9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

      Ans : If there is a global statement for that variable in a function, it is a global variable.



10. What is the data type of None?

      Ans :     NoneType




11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?


     Ans The statement imports the python module areallyourpetsnamederic




12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?

    Ans :  can be called using spam.bacon() (ie name of module.function name() )  




13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?

    Ans : Errors can be handled with try statement



14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?

     Ans: Try clause - code which can cause error
         except clause - code to be executed if  error happens        
